README.md, before:

# 2-Challenge
## Homework Challenge 2
### In this challenge, I:
- Created a header that contains a title, an avatar, and anchored elements, that highlight when hovered, and are linked to their corresponding sites.
- Created a Nav bar that contains something cool.
- Created an aside to guide the user along with the image sections.
- Created a section and class for a paragraph about me in latin.
- Created a section containing the large image, that shrinks when hovered, and links to my previous challenge's deployed site.
- Created a section containing 4 smaller images, that grow when hovered, and link to my previous challenge's deployed site.
- Created a footer that contains anchored elements, that highlight when hovered, and link to their corresponding sites.
- Attempted to make all of this flex correctly with the proper media queries.

## Github repo link: https://github.com/EMK2473/2-challenge

## Deployed link: https://emk2473.github.io/2-challenge/

## Screenshot of deployed site:
![Alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot.jpg)
![Alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot-2.jpg)
![Alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot-3.jpg)
![Alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot-4.jpg)

Commit message:

added description to readme and ensured all links work for resubmission

README.md, after:

# 2-Challenge
## Homework Challenge 2
# Description:
- This website was created to serve as a portfolio of my work in web development throughout this Software Development Bootcamp. It is designed to allow me to add and adjust my work and projects along the way. The site contains internal links that navigate throughout the site. Including my work, my resume, an about me section, and how to contact me.


### In this challenge, I:
- Created a header that contains a title, an avatar, and anchored elements, that highlight when hovered, and are linked to their corresponding sites.
- Created a Nav bar that contains something cool.
- Created an aside to guide the user along with the image sections.
- Created a section and class for a paragraph about me in latin.
- Created a section containing the large image, that shrinks when hovered, and links to my previous challenge's deployed site.
- Created a section containing 4 smaller images, that grow when hovered, and link to my previous challenge's deployed site.
- Created a footer that contains anchored elements, that highlight when hovered, and link to their corresponding sites.
- Attempted to make all of this flex correctly with the proper media queries.

## Github repo link: https://github.com/EMK2473/2-challenge

## Deployed link: https://emk2473.github.io/2-challenge/

## Screenshot of deployed site:
![Alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot.jpg)
![Alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot-2.jpg)
![Alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot-3.jpg)
![Alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot-4.jpg)
